what's going on guys get your boy Dennis
at Ted's with the used bike spotlight
and well what do I got for you the bike
of the week you know I'm putting out the
bike the week I like to find something
really special something is going to
make you guys go damn where do you get
that one well I allow you to dam as we
speak now what I got for you guys is a
2004 screaming eagle that's right
screaming eagle electric line now what a
lot of people may not know this is the
father of the world-famous Street Glide
if it was not for the screaming eagle
Electra Glide we would not have the
Street Glide today this success brought
you the most popular bike out on the
road and while you look at it you can
tell why now this one's got a lot of
goodies on it we're going to hit on
everything screaming eagle of course you
notice you got the great paint something
really pops it's got chrome wheels
chrome front end to it now this bike has
the 103 cubic inch motor
it's a five-speed transmission what
differs from this bike from the 103 is
it's on the new ones today is this one's
got the cam the Screaming Eagles came
with so you're going to notice a lot
more off the line with that five-speed
transmission you're going to rip through
those gears in no time now it does have
a set of dance and I love the rounds on
it
good-sounding set of pipes got a good
sound instead of being overly loud it's
just got that great tone just sort of
hit you right there in the chest
now I know everybody's noticing these
big old bars sitting up here that's set
of 14-inch eight hangers
very popular on the street Clyde's here
lately you can tell whatever they're
designed for the touring class because
it tilts and then comes up clears the
faring you still have your CD player
am/fm you've got weather band
you've even got a point right here to
plug in an iPod system if you want to
it's got the electronic cruise control
you've already got heat shields right
here to be able to keep the heat off of
U of 103 monster motor you're going to
want to manage the heat that's on it
it's got the spear collection tilted
back license plate
I mentioned advance and Heinz pipes now
we talked about the heat on these bikes
Harley came out with a really great
accessory that was able to handle the
heat and be able to manage it a little
bit come on over here let me show you
this this is actually a fan okay
mounted right here to the side where the
horn normally goes and that's used to
cool off the motor so like I said with
these hundred and three cubic inch
motors you've got a good amount of heat
that comes off and well Harley thought
about that and help you keep cool guys
spring has sprung it is time short
sleeves are back it's time to get out
here and it's time to ride now I know
what you're thinking
screaming ego means screaming eagle
price right guys I can't do any better
for you this bikes got eighteen thousand
seven hundred ninety eight miles we're
talking less than twenty thousand miles
on an O for all right eight-year-old
bike that's not a lot of miles 103 cubic
inch motor let's put it out there what
do you say Kyle let's do
69.95 you can't get any better than that
for a screaming eagle guys so come on
out the see me give me a call six one
eight four six two thirty thirty or hit
me up via email
Dennis attends motorcycle worldcom or
better yet get out here come out here
and check this thing out no matter how
good of a camera we get you still can't
do justice to these beautiful machines
now you know me I like to ride that's
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go take this
thing on out don't worry I'll try and
keep it under twenty thousand for you
but i'ma tell you don't hesitate cuz
well I'll keep the miles going so come
on out and see me Dennis a test
motorcycle worldcom or well give me a
call 646 two thirty thirty I'll see you
guys on the road
what's going on guys Dennison Tad's you
guys know me from all the videos we've
been doing you probably see that we get
a lot of used inventory coming through
now I know a lot of people are out there
watching these videos wanting to see
what's going on with different models
and stuff and shopping around now maybe
something you weren't aware of if you
have something you're looking for
something special something with the
right models or a right style give me a
call okay
give us a call here at Ted's or hit us
up via email let me know what it is
you're looking for let me know what
makes sure makes your key crank you know
what I mean
that's what we're here for that's what
we do okay hit me up via email
Dennis at Ed's motorcycle worldcom or
give me a call six one eight four six
two thirty thirty and let me know what
it is you're looking for usually within
two to three weeks I'm pretty good at
finding what it is like I said we go
through a lot of bikes here so guys hit
us up via email give us a call or just
come on in and let us know what it is
you're looking for a lot of the bikes
out there when you're looking for use
motorcycles a lot of the times you got
to find the right opportunity it's not
just about finding the right deal you
got to be there the right place at the
right time and it helps to have somebody
on the inside who's looking out for you
so hit me up with an email tell me what
you're looking for dennis attends
motorcycle WorldCom or come on in and
see me thanks guys we'll see